# StellarE SDK TIM_02

## TIM test

### Description:
	TIM_02 shows how to configure and use the TIM to calculate the duty cycle
	and frequency of a PWM signal. In particular, the ch1 of TIM1 is configured
	to generate a PWM signal with
	- frequency = 2.5Hz
	- duty cycle = 50%
	- active high
	Instead, the first 2 channels of the TIM8 are used to measure the duty
	cycle and the frequency of TIM1 ch1. In particular, the same input signal
	present on TIM8 ch2 is remapped also on ch1. So, both TIM8 channels will
	receive the same input signal. Moreover, TIM8 ch1 is configured to detect
	the falling edge of the input signal, while TIM8 ch2 is configured to
	detect the rising edge. The TIM8 internal counter is configured to be reset
	on the rising edge of input signal, and a callback is invoked on the rising
	edge of the input signal. If the PWM waveform generated by the ch1 of TIM1
	is used as input of ch2 of TIM8, the duty cycle and frequency of the PWM
	signal will be printed on the UART. Moreover, the led USER_LED_A is blinked
	each 500ms.
### Supported Platforms:
-----------------------------------------------------------
#### EVBE7000P
	Requirements:
	1. Connect TP51 (LED_0) with GPIOE[13] (USER_LED_A)
	2. Connect GPIOC[15] (PWM out) with GPIOI[2] (ICU in)
	3. Close jumpers JP29 and JP30
	4. Connect host serial port to UART via USB_PORT (P26)
	5. Configure host serial port baudrate to 38400
#### EVBE3000P Rev.A
	Requirements:
	1. Connect TP51 (LED_0) with GPIOE[9] (USER_LED_A)
	2. Connect GPIOI[0] (PWM out) with GPIOE[2] (ICU in)
	3. Open jumpers JP29 and JP30
	4. Connect host serial port to UART via USB_PORT (P26)
	5. Configure host serial port baudrate to 38400
#### EVBE7000E
	Requirements:
	1. Close jumper JP35 (connect LED6 with GPIOD[14])
	2. Connect C10 (CON3-B, PWM out) with C19 (CON3-B, ICU in)
	3. Close jumpers JP23 and JP24
	4. Connect host serial port to UART via USB_PORT (CON4)
	5. Configure host serial port baudrate to 38400
-----------------------------------------------------------